And so what I've tried to emphasize
over the course of this module
is the different ways in which
bringing data to the question
can inform how we make some of the most
important staffing decisions that not only
shape how people perform in their jobs,
but shape their careers as well.
Ever since there have been organizations
we've been doing this based on instinct,
hunch, and so on.
Now that we have so much data about what
people are doing, strong analytical tools,
there really is the opportunity to
bring more rigor to the process,
make it more data driven.
And certainly, all of the early
evidence suggests that doing so
improves the quality of
decisions that we make,
helping us get the right
people into the right jobs.
Helping them stay there in ways that again
are gonna help the organizations and
also gonna make for better careers for
the people within them.